Added batch inserts for doctrine orm populate (#1781)
fzaninotto/Faker: readme.md

// )
```

> **Note:** Due to the fact that `Faker` returns all the primary keys inserted, the memory consumption will go up drastically when you

Reviewer: ❓ 

Looks like we are missing something here!

😉

Reviewer 2: Right, please fix this sentence

// )
```

> **Note:** due to the fact that `Faker` returns all the PKs inserted, the memory consumption will go up drasticly when you 

Reviewer: What do you think about modifying to this:

```suggestion
**Note:** Due to the fact that `Faker` returns all the primary keys inserted, the memory consumption will go up drastically when you 
```

Also see https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/drastically.
